
                           Tasks List 
Q 1 .Write Python Program to Check Whether a Number is Positive or Negative?

 1.Take the value of the integer and store in a variable.
 2. Use an if statement to determine whether the number is positive or negative.
 3. Exit
 
 Q 2 .Write Python Program to Take in the Marks of 5 Subjects and Display the Grade 
1. Take in the marks of 5 subjects from the user and store it in different variables.
2. Find the average of the marks. 
3. Use an else condition to decide the grade based on the average of the marks.
4. Exit. 

 Q 3 .Write Python Program to Read Two Numbers and Print Their Quotient and Remainder 
1. Take in the first and second number and store it in separate variables.
2. Then obtain the quotient using division and the remainder using modulus operator. 
3. Exit.

Q 4.Write Python Program to Print all Integers that Aren’t Divisible by Either 2 or 3 and Lie between 1 and 50. 
1. Use a for-loop ranging from 0 to 51. 
2. Then use an if statement to check if the number isn’t divisible by both 2 and 3. 
3. Print the numbers satisfying the condition.
4. Exit. 
Q 5.Write Python Program to Exchange the Values of Two Numbers Without Using a Temporary Variable Problem Solution 
1. Take the values of both the elements from the user. 
2. Store the values in separate variables. 
3. Add both the variables and store it in the first variable. 
4. Subtract the second variable from the first and store it in the second variable. 
5. Then, subtract the first variable from the second variable and store it in the first variable. 
6. Print the swapped values. 
7. Exit. 

Q 6.Write Python Program to Find the Area of a Triangle Given All Three Sides Problem Solution 
1. Take in all the three sides of the triangle and store it in three separate variables. 
2. Then using the Heron’s formula, compute the area of the triangle. 
3. Print the area of the triangle. 
4. Exit. 

Q 7.Write Python Program to Print Largest Even and Largest Odd Number in a List 
1. Take in the number of elements to be in the list from the user. 
2. Take in the elements from the user using a for loop and append to a list. 
3. Using a for loop, get the elements one by one from the list and check if it odd or even and append them to different lists.
4. Sort both the lists individually and get the length of each list.
5. Print the last elements of the sorted lists.
6. Exit.

Q 8. Write Python Program to Find the Second Largest Number in a List 
1. Take in the number of elements and store it in a variable. 
2. Take in the elements of the list one by one. 
3. Sort the list in ascending order. 
4. Print the second last element of the list.
5. Exit. 

Q  9. Write Python Program to Find the Union of two Lists 
1. Define a function which accepts two lists and returns the union of them.
2. Declare two empty lists and initialise to an empty list.
3. Consider a for loop to accept values for two lists. 
4. Take the number of elements in the list and store it in a variable.
5. Accept the values into the list using another for loop and insert into the list.
6. Repeat 4 and 5 for the second list also. 7. Find the union of the two lists.
8. Print the union.
9. Exit 
